it is he died at the mummy Hey look at
me I went round cock yes fuck so only
like goose in my car my lucky you know a
mini club owned something I don't give a
fuck a safe sun shines she working
studying is a habit so why does it hurt
but never bound and fucked up it copies
return interrupting rooms like the
Sharks and I just like my phone to fuck
your boyfriend he mocks Angie dunking
follow me to the cottage on new doing my
point to quit your bitching ain't wrong
she missed she would see a twat knows
I've grown man and I'm FL why I'm shit
I'm she got you can see it plus or so
arrogant skinny jeans attack I mean to
brag but my status thing I like the
price on the jack walk five bitches just
waved like a flag I'm a bitch only fuck
with Louie back betsey johnson juicy on
the glasses spend the money on me and my
warning
I love round clock kiss but no only like
goosing my money you know a mini club on
something I don't give a fuck off a son
you were eager saying is a habit so I
know they don't quite know about I'm a
job you should know every time your
bitch heart I never find that I know it
ain't fair hun long hair don't care got
a lot of rock but now I'm share done and
my bitches like fruits i get Tara son
i'm the shit big smelly and if they were
thicker dress yourself seated which I
got a reason and if I didn't look good
my mom to stop breathing and ed class
but now you're not dreaming this is
really tape and heard that you're
seeking some shit up the shit walk
around with my hands on my dick on my
dick reigns in my head with the part
through the middle ground tropius bucks
no only like do some I you know I mini
club own something I don't give a fuck a
snake son she working so long I am
inside your mind you cannot keep focused
if I wore a fountain drink I will be
liquefied boom I don't want like I'm a
Crip and doing blocks like a guerrilla
come to kiss sensation I'm lantini
granny killer me get you thrown as your
girl in pc we go together like profanity
I'm all your girls my mighty hand right
answer gimme gimme ganja triggers an
ipod stuff give me five minutes and it
can't every night on so see you on my
level outta here why Johnson I'm
authentic I'm coke please
I motherfucker man pops you bastard try
me I'm a Ghostbuster young cast from a
boom you're a gangster you're not afraid
to be getting my blood I stereo with
Sheldon you can fight Aereo to work and
I can you clarify your girls now you're
inside the kids at least I the berry
arcade game is dope is my ficking is
dope yeah when your girl's mind then you
can't infoplease swag swag to kick your
butt like watery swag swag the texture
but my Guardians come on oh oh oh oh